origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotiWebDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java
origin/feature-OC11234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebService.jar
origin/feature-OC12234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionesWebServiceDAO.txt
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/ServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/WebServiceDAO.java
origin/feature-OC1234-Desc bea/weblogic/fuentes/EjbBCI/wcrop/infraestructuradenegocios/notificaciones/dao/NotificacionWebDAO.java